pause if you need to keep track of your
points and we'll find out who's
hypermobile together on a flat surface
does your pinky Bend up to 90° or more
at a point for each side that can do
that with your wrists facing down can
you touch your thumb to your wrist at a
point for each side that can do that
does your elbow go past 10° or more when
it is fully straight add a point for
each side that can do that and when your
knees lock out do they extend past
straight by 10 mine obviously don't but
by 10° or more more if they do add a
point for each side and lastly can you
put your palms on the ground with your
knees completely straight if you can add
one more point for that one so how'd you
score I got seven which means even for a
child I'm still considered hypermobile
I'm so proud of that stay flexy